you need to offer the Dragons brand new
video the crown of the reasons
was the legendary crown the yellow
scepter and org
none can deny her
the Dragons crown will be a symbol of
power inspiring fear in the hearts of
any who would threaten Hoglund it
represents the fact that warriors who
defeated the mightiest foes reside in
Highland and will rise to defend it from
any threat clean Viviane invites you to
work at the castle you value your
freedom so you politely decline however
you vow to work for the Queen whenever
the need may arise in turn she blesses
you with the royal favour for life
as you exit through the great gate many
soldiers turn and salute you have
completed a legendary accomplishment
Queen Vivian would lead - well
reclaiming its past borders and reassert
in itself is a powerful motion the Tail
of the Dragon
despite accomplishing us a myriad of
it's just beginning
you suddenly remember the moment you
left the village you had just been
acknowledged as a mature warrior
long ago in the ovens a carriage was
waylaid by orcs only an infant survived
you the Amazon's raised you as their own
you came to hide land to discover your
roots but you had given up by the time
the Dragon's crown incident occurred
while the citizens grant you a hero's
welcome
an elderly noble couple look at you in
stunned surprise they will soon realize
that you have the same eyes as their son
who died years ago
in a remote land